README.md, before:

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&logoWidth=30)
![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/bryantamayo1/2coders_react_engineer)
![APM](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/react)
# 2coders_react_engineer
> Project created with React, TypeScript and Vite. Popular and details movies

## Steps to create this application
1. Configuration project, set up packages and versions.
2. Settings router and api.
3. Manage global errors.
4. Build header and footer.
5. Define types of API.
6. Pagination popular movies.
7. Responsive web application
8. Refactoring code
9. Create spinner when data is loading
10. Clean code

## Extras
1. Add theme dark and light with context

## Installation
```shell
    # Install dependencies
    npm i
    # Run project
    npm start
    # Run tests
    npm run test
    # Build project
    npm run build
    # Run server of built project
    npm run preview
```

## License 
[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Added images of final project

README.md, after:

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&logoWidth=30)
![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/bryantamayo1/2coders_react_engineer)
![APM](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/react)
# 2coders_react_engineer
> Project created with React, TypeScript and Vite. Popular and details movies

## Steps to create this application
1. Configuration project, set up packages and versions.
2. Settings router and api.
3. Manage global errors.
4. Build header and footer.
5. Define types of API.
6. Pagination popular movies.
7. Responsive web application
8. Refactoring code
9. Create spinner when data is loading
10. Clean code

## Extras
1. Add theme dark and light with context

## Usage
This is final application with theme dark:
![](src/img/list-movies-dark.PNG) 
![](src/img/movie-dark.PNG) 
<br />
And theme light:
![](src/img/list-movies-light.PNG) 
![](src/img/movie-light.PNG) 

## Installation
```shell
    # Install dependencies
    npm i
    # Run project
    npm start
    # Run tests
    npm run test
    # Build project
    npm run build
    # Run server of built project
    npm run preview
```

## License 
[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
